webasm/README.md, before:

## Requirements and Setup
1. Requires [nodeJS 12 or greater](https://nodejs.org/)
2. Requires [emscripten 2.0.6 or greater](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html)
3. Run: `npm install`
4. Download [Eigen 3.3.8 or greater](https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen/-/releases) and extract to `eigen/`

## Building
Run: `npm run build`
This will generate `dist/catirtlib.wasm` and `dist/catirtlib.js`

## Testing
Run: `npm test`

## Usage
```
const create_catirtlib = require('catirtlib');

create_catirtlib().then(function(catirt) {
  const resp = [NaN, NaN, 1, NaN, NaN];
  const items = [
    {id: 'item1', params: [1.55,-1.88,0.12]},
    {id: 'item2', params: [1.9,-0.1,0.12]},
    {id: 'item3', params: [2.06,0.41,0.12]},
    {id: 'item4', params: [3.02,-0.38,0.12]},
    {id: 'item5', params: [1.48,0.72,0.12]}
  ];

  // estimate ability from a single set of responses using binary response model
  let params = catirt.getAnsweredItems(items, resp).map(item => item.params);
  let est = catirt.wleEst_brm_one(catirt.getAnswers(resp), params, [-4.5, 4.5]);

  if (est.error) {
    console.log(`Error: ${est.error}`);
  } else {
    console.log(`Estimated theta: ${est.theta}`);
    console.log(`Information: ${est.info}`);
    console.log(`SEM: ${est.sem}`);
  }

  // choose best item to administer next
  let chosen = catirt.itChoose(catirt.getUnansweredItems(items, resp), 'brm', 'UW-FI', 'theta', {cat_theta: est.theta});

  if (chosen.error) {
    console.log(`Error: ${chosen.error}`);
  } else {
    console.log(`Next item: ${JSON.stringify(chosen.items[0])}`);
  }
});
```

Commit message:

add project relocation notice to README

webasm/README.md, after:

# NOTICE:

All development in this subfolder has been moved to a stand-alone project: [catIrt-js](https://github.com/uomccammon/catIrt-js)

## Requirements and Setup
1. Requires [nodeJS 12 or greater](https://nodejs.org/)
2. Requires [emscripten 2.0.6 or greater](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html)
3. Run: `npm install`
4. Download [Eigen 3.3.8 or greater](https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen/-/releases) and extract to `eigen/`

## Building
Run: `npm run build`
This will generate `dist/catirtlib.wasm` and `dist/catirtlib.js`

## Testing
Run: `npm test`

## Usage
```
const create_catirtlib = require('catirtlib');

create_catirtlib().then(function(catirt) {
  const resp = [NaN, NaN, 1, NaN, NaN];
  const items = [
    {id: 'item1', params: [1.55,-1.88,0.12]},
    {id: 'item2', params: [1.9,-0.1,0.12]},
    {id: 'item3', params: [2.06,0.41,0.12]},
    {id: 'item4', params: [3.02,-0.38,0.12]},
    {id: 'item5', params: [1.48,0.72,0.12]}
  ];

  // estimate ability from a single set of responses using binary response model
  let params = catirt.getAnsweredItems(items, resp).map(item => item.params);
  let est = catirt.wleEst_brm_one(catirt.getAnswers(resp), params, [-4.5, 4.5]);

  if (est.error) {
    console.log(`Error: ${est.error}`);
  } else {
    console.log(`Estimated theta: ${est.theta}`);
    console.log(`Information: ${est.info}`);
    console.log(`SEM: ${est.sem}`);
  }

  // choose best item to administer next
  let chosen = catirt.itChoose(catirt.getUnansweredItems(items, resp), 'brm', 'UW-FI', 'theta', {cat_theta: est.theta});

  if (chosen.error) {
    console.log(`Error: ${chosen.error}`);
  } else {
    console.log(`Next item: ${JSON.stringify(chosen.items[0])}`);
  }
});
```
